hi I'm Austin from eminent tech studios
I'm here today to tell you about
Samsung's wireless network tool I'm
going to demonstrate the simplicity of
downloading installing and using this
program alright so first now that I'm in
my web browser I'm going to navigate to
sams on calm
when the page is fully loaded I'm going
to click on the download button right
here and a prompt to save Samsung
wireless basic setup msi should um
should pop up
which for google chrome its pops up down
here somebody's going to press save and
let that download so what you're going
to want to do is to save it to a
location that is easily accessible such
as your desktop but for google chrome it
just saves it to a simple spot that i
can find it already as soon as it has
finished downloading i'm going to open
up the installer by clicking on it and
i'll run through the installation
process so i press run
alright so the program should now open
so you're just gonna click next
next and begin the installation or first
you have to agree
after you finished installing the
program you can just click close here
and this should automatically open up
which I'm actually going to maximize so
as you can see it already shows me some
information about the computer i'm using
right now like my mac addressed my
computer's name my IP address and my
wireless IP range and towards the middle
you will see two ways of scanning the
network one is fast in and one is
deepsmen the fast and swiftly stands you
network while the deep skin takes a
little bit more time but is very
efficient in finding each device that is
on your network well not to prove all of
this when if click on the fast and as
you can see it shows all the computers
that are connected to my network which
is five computers which actually one of
them is my ipod so that actually
explains for all the computers now to
show you the deep skin all you do is
click this button right here and it
should bring up more results
as you can see a product one more result
which is deeper into a network and also
now that you know the mac address of a
person who has found its way into your
network you can now filter out that mac
address so he won't be able to get its
way back into your network
you